Docs: Add basic application tutorial (#1515)
litestar-org/litestar: docs/tutorials/todo-app/index.rst

A TODO application
==================

.. admonition:: Who is this tutorial for?
    :class: info

>     This tutorial is intended to familiarize you with the basic concepts of Litestar.
>     If you have no prior experience with Litestar or web frameworks in general, this
>     is the right place to start, but it assumed basic knowledge of Python and web
>     development concepts are required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This tutorial is intended to familiarize you with the basic concepts of Litestar.
    If you have no prior experience with Litestar or web frameworks in general, this
    is the right place to start.
    
.. note:: 
    Basic knowledge of Python and web development concepts are required
```

The goal of this tutorial is to develop a TODO application with the following
functionalities:

1. Retrieve a TODO list
2. Add items to a TODO list
3. Mark TODO items as *done*

> This is not a whole lot of functionality, but enough to require most of the fundamental

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is not a whole lot of functionality, but enough to learn most of the fundamental
```

Developing a basic TODO application
===================================

.. admonition:: Who is this tutorial for?
    :class: info

    This tutorial is intended to familiarize you with the basic concepts of Litestar.
    If you have no prior experience with Litestar or web frameworks in general, this
    is the right place to start.

.. note::
    Basic knowledge of Python and web development concepts are required

The goal of this tutorial is to develop a TODO application with the following
functionalities:

1. Retrieve a TODO list
2. Add items to a TODO list
3. Mark TODO items as *done*

This is not a whole lot of functionality, but enough to learn most of the fundamental

> working blocks of Litestar.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
building blocks of Litestar.
```
?

Author: Yes, that :D
